Do not print C errors by default (#926)
SINTEF/dlite: doc/user_guide/environment_variables.md

    plugin search paths, while it only affects the plugin search paths on
    Linux.

  - **DLITE_PYDEBUG**: If defined, it will turn on printing error
    messages from C to standard error.

>     It will also enable tracebacks from exceptions happening in Python
>     plugins.  Traceback from exceptions happening in Python plugins
>     are normally lost.  But, with `DLITE_PYDEBUG` defined, the full error
>     message, including traceback, will be written to standard error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    It will also enable traceback from exceptions occuring in Python
    plugins.  Traceback from exceptions occurring in Python plugins
    are normally lost.  With `DLITE_PYDEBUG` defined the full error
    message, including traceback, will be written to standard error.
```
